docs: Sort __all__ list guideline instruction (#433)
Safe-DS/Stdlib: docs/development/guidelines.md

        return pd.read_csv(path) # May raise a pd.ParserError
    ```

### Sort entries in `__all__` lists alphabetically
The entries in the `__all__` list in `__init__.py` files should be sorted alphabetically. This helps reduce the likelihood of merge conflicts when new entries are introduced on different branches.
!!! success "**DO** (library code):"

    ```py

>     __all__ =[

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    __all__ = [
```

        "ColumnSizeError",
        "DuplicateColumnNameError",
        "MissingValuesColumnError"
    ]
    ```
!!! failure "**DON'T** (library code):"

    ```py

>     __all__ =[

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    __all__ = [
```

        return pd.read_csv(path) # May raise a pd.ParserError
    ```

### Sort the exceptions in the `__all__` list alphabetically

> The exceptions in the `__all__` list in `src/safeds/exceptions/__init__.py` should be sorted alphabetically. This makes it easier for users to find the exception they are looking for.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The exceptions in the `__all__` list in `src/safeds/exceptions/__init__.py` should be sorted alphabetically. This helps to reduce the likelihood of merge conflicts when new exceptions are introduced on different branches.
```

> ### Sort the exceptions in the `__all__` list alphabetically
> 
> The exceptions in the `__all__` list in `src/safeds/exceptions/__init__.py` should be sorted alphabetically. This makes it easier for users to find the exception they are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sort the entries in the `__all__` list alphabetically

The entires in the `__all__` list in `__init__.py` files should be sorted alphabetically. This makes it easier for users to find the exception they are looking for.
```

Author: applied
